- What do you think of could be done to be ensure that the street food vendor are selling clean food and following food safety rules?
  - On one hand, I think the govenment should take more actions on consolidating the control and supervisor of policy to manage the street food vendor.
  - On the other hand, the street food vendor should be aware of more self-control on be half of picking qulified food to earn customer's trust and like.
- What are the best snack and street food vendor in your city?
  - The best snack comes to my mind is special local cuisine called sichuan hotpot.
  - The best street food vendor in the city would be sichuan local dishes, such as Chongqing spicy noodles.
- If you want to open up a Falafel stand in NYC and stand out, how would you market you stand?
  - try to control the qulity of the food materials to keep it in a good level.
  - try to do some investigation to get to know the food bias of local people live nearby the stand, then adjust the favor of the dish to safisfy the local people.
- What do you think of the idea of making food carts illegal?
  - I think making food carts illegal doesn't make any sense of ensuring the street food vendor are selling clean food and following food safety rules.
 
 
- “Famous people who have dropped out of college”
  - How do you think about the phenomenon of famous people who have dropped out of colleage?
    - Famous peopel start to dive into learn and pactice in some specific field by interest at a very young age, so they has become an expert or geek in that field they're engaged in after many years.
    - Once they ocassionlly get exposed to have a chance to build a startup for making their dream come true, so they give up all other opportunities to pursit what they're really intested in.
    - That's of dropping out of college. It's just a coincidence that they got a chance to start up a company when they were in colleage. But the kind of chance is rare events, most people can't get expose to this sort of chance
    - All in all, I think the phenomenon is fit for few people, it just a small probablity event.
