hey everyone hope you're having an
amazing day it's Mark Wiens I'm in
Taipei Taiwan
and this evening we are going to go on
an eating tour of the nanji Chang Night
Market
which is a fantastic off the beaten path
local Taiwanese Street Food Market where
you will find an abundance of different
foods to try the plan is that we are
going to try five well maybe even more
than five dishes things that you
absolutely have to try when you come to
this market and I'm going to share with
you all of the food and all of the
action coming up for you right now in
this video
[Music]
oh
[Music]
welcome to the nanji Chang not only just
the night market but a day Market it's
just a food street it's about 2 p.m this
is where we are going to begin this food
tour so we're gonna start eating now
there's a few things that we're gonna
try first before it starts getting
busier right at the front at the
entrance here there is a place that I
wanted to check out and eat right there
you can see it's pretty busy already
people are eating and we're gonna go
there first to begin this tour of the
nanji Chang Market
they're famous for the tube steamed
sticky rice and also a variety of soups
and also the lural fun the braised pork
over rice but I especially want to try
the the sticky rice tube and the soup
um and then we that's probably good
because we have so much else to eat oh
man it's such a friendly place and
they're so friendly and then they just
have all the food up here at the front
these are the giant Steamers where they
steam the tube sticky rice
um in the the bowls and then they have
the soups going just constantly steaming
they have all the braised uh pork and
parts over here and at the front it's
just non-stop food action I mean people
come here just lining up non-stop people
eating here too it's so much action so
many delicious Aromas and because the
seeding is all full here uh Street side
they give us a table a little ways down
the road which they they have a few more
tables set up over there making up wheat
to dig in oh nice smells really good in
it basically instantly arrives at your
table because everything is just
steaming and hot and fresh and ready to
go and they just literally I guess pull
it out of the Steamers and bring it to
your table okay here we go it's sticky
rice which is
um cooked and then mixed with sauce I
believe and then steamed in a
traditionally in bamboo but this time
maybe in a can oh I love that sticky
texture it looks like there's some
mushrooms in here some slices of pork as
well
before
oh and but there's pork on there too
I love the texture of that sticky rice
and that immediately brings back
memories it's one of my favorite things
to eat at dim sum restaurants where they
they steam sticky rice in a lot of sleep
and it gives off that fragrance this has
that same texture it has a delicious
fragrance as well and I do believe that
this this tube rice was traditionally
steamed and cooked in bamboo but now I
think they use cans but it has that same
gooey texture almost pudding like then
with the flavor of the pork that sauce
is kind of
kind of sweet and then it does have some
pork on it for me it's all about that
sticky gooey gooey fragrant rice that's
the Highlight for me
and then it's along with your triggered
tried two different soups
braised meat soups this one looks like
it has some melon
and then some big chunks of meat in
there too
melts in your mouth
so incredibly tender
all that beef this soup is my favorite
for sure with the beef
that was beef but this one is definitely
pork with bitter melon yes
it's really white though this one's very
clear
oh so hot so clear and pure bitter melon
is not very bitter it's kind of like
just uh I mean it just has a hint of
bitterness it's not very strong um
delicious and hot and then pieces of
pork in here
I just completely dissolves in her mouth
it's so tender everything is good here
and you need because the rice is oily
and fatty with the melted back you need
that soup it kind of cleanse up the
palette and just wash it down
that combination is so good and then
last dish this is the luro fan this is
one of the national dishes of Taiwan
that braised pork belly over rice
fat
unbelievable how tender it is
dangerously tasty and soft and gooey
that is delicious
wow
and now that you do look around you can
see everyone eating this and the
toothbrush everything
it's really good food
as you get to the bottom of that rifle
you taste a little dry shrimp that's
also what's powering the flavor
we're off to an incredibly good start to
this nanji Chang Night Market Street
food tour of Taipei you can see now it's
middle of the afternoon some stalls are
open but lots of them are still closed
and some of them are still preparing to
open them you can see that they're
cleaning they're washing they're
preparing for the big night but again
this is a market that opens pretty much
the entire day so even if you come here
at lunch you'll find quite a few stalls
open there's so much variety so many
things to choose from and then things
are still opening up for this evening so
it seems like there's one main road
which is kind of like the the center of
the market with just lined on both sides
with street food carts and food and
restaurants this is one of the roads
that goes down to the side where you can
see that there's some street food carts
and some restaurants going down as well
so that kind of looks like the main
structure of the market but we'll see
how things continue to develop and
change and get busier throughout the
night as we keep on eating
so typically when you see a line you
know there's something good and there's
like many many of the Stalls here have a
long line waiting for some of the best
food in the market we're gonna stop for
this very famous stall that serves a
Savory oyster like a deep fried ball
okay I'm getting to the front of the
line it's almost time
to oyster
I was originally just gonna get this for
takeaway but then they had an open seat
so I just decided to sit down but tried
to watch them a little bit as they're
making but it's so action-packed and
they're just fine they're like little
little balls or pies
um he Stuffs the spatula with a
combination of the batter that's an
amazing process with the batter on the
spatula and he stops it with this leak
and green onion combination stuffs in
some really fat plump oysters and covers
it in batter and it goes into the deep
fryer and the deep fryer is kind of
hidden beneath this covering
um and then they serve it hot and fresh
put it in a box with some sauce wow this
looks so good it smells so good I'll
just grab this top one oh man it's hot
and fresh it's literally right out of
the oil
oh
wow that's delicious
right it's so crispy and juicy and sweet
and literally that moisture just kind of
melts in your mouth and then you've got
all of the flavor of the leeks and
finally leeks or chives and green onions
oh man
melt melt in your mouth crispy
oh it's so good
wow hot and fresh and on that bite I
didn't get any of that sauce so gotta
reach in next for that that sauce oh the
oyster
nothing
oh cool melting
okay with all that sauce on it
oh man I'm not even totally sure what
that sausage a little bit of chili in it
a little bit of a
almost fruity flavor as well
the oysters are just so sweet and they
literally just melt in your mouth oh man
this is something I haven't had before
in Taiwan it's almost like an oyster
budget it's so addictive it goes down so
easily as well
wow
so tasty thank you very much
oh man we are off to a good start that
was impressively tasty and they're so
nice as well
we gotta move on to the next spot the
picking up in business this place gets
so crowded and the popular places have
extreme lines I'm very excited about the
next place it's a one of the national
foods of Taiwan something that has a
very strong Aroma and a very strong odor
and you can smell from across the town
but something that tastes incredibly
delicious and we're gonna go try it
right now it's a very famous place
there it is the tower the steaming rack
of stinky tofu smelly tofu fermented
tofu it's actually the aroma is quite
Pleasant actually I I kind of I kind of
like it it doesn't smell too strong
actually here I've had it definitely
smelled stronger but that's the dish
that you come to eat here this is called
The Smelly tofu boss and this was
actually featured in The Michelin guide
as well oh man that is so cool when you
order comes hot and fresh okay it does
have a bit of a pungent Aroma to it as
soon as you order she takes it out of
the bamboo steamer she puts it onto a
plate and then it has this broth the
stinky tofu broth she asked you if you
want it spicy very spicy okay okay okay
of course we want it spicy she adds in
mixes in some of that chili paste mixes
that in and then adds in some basil it
looks like uh then pours that sauce back
onto the tofu
I also saw the tomato soup so I decided
to try some tomato soup although they do
also have some other rice dishes as well
here that look pretty good okay I cannot
wait to try it
see the kind of almost cheesy bubbles
in that tofu
um so hot freshly steamed oh
oh that is so good
oh wow okay I've had stinky tofu before
I think this is the best version I've
ever had actual taste is this one is
incredible that fermentation gives it
such a complexity a bit of a sourness I
mean I think this the aroma is
definitely stronger than the taste
there's a little bit of mushroom in here
too and maybe some soybeans and then
Ginger which is also adding a nice
fragrance as well there's a few small
herbs in there fragrances as well and
then I love the texture of the tofu too
it's so spongy and then so it just
absorbs that broth in that juice just
look at how spongy that tofu is I think
part of the attraction and part of the
reason it is so good is because it is so
spongy and it absorbs so much of that
broth
oh man that's like a new found
perspective on stinky smelly tofu almost
get past our tofu but I've almost forgot
about the tomato soup this looks like a
stewed down tomato soup with the broth
with a few vegetables just a few
blanched vegetables in here
foreign
I love that flavor
that's just straight like a liquid
tomato broth
and I think this is I believe that this
place is is vegan it's
um plant-based restaurant just using
that fermentation for the complexity of
all that flavor
I have to be completely honest with you
that was delicious I didn't want it to
end
hmm
that complexity oh man
give stinky tofu a try
so next up on this tour there is a I
think it's almost always a continuous
line here as soon as they open up at 4
P.M in the evening and it's for a unique
Suite that they bake in this Barrel oven
it's a very famous place something you
have to try when you're at this market
and it's actually called unnamed I'll
tell you the story when we get to the
front there I'm gonna stand in line I'm
gonna wait it out to see just what is
the attraction why so many people line
up queue up to wait 30 minutes sometimes
an hour maybe even longer to taste these
Clay Oven rolls we're gonna find out the
secret when we taste them so this the
stall is called unnamed Clay Oven rolls
and I believe that they started off as a
street food cart and then they started
selling what they knew best and
something they cooked delicious and
never gave it a name and then they got
famous I came to the night market
selling here at the night market and
then just never never took on a name and
so they just named themselves on named
and we are almost actually we're almost
getting to the front of the line at
first I thought they only had sweet
rolls but actually they have four
different types two Savory two sweet
we'll try one of each
we're at the front of the line and I
think something that might be the secret
that's truly impressive even with a
crowd a line just winding down the road
is that they make everything by hand
fresh nothing is pre-rolled so they have
all these different types of rolls four
different types they make them on the
spot the technique is that they roll out
the dough they fill it then they put it
on top of the oven and so it's sort of
toasts kind of Sears gives the the edges
a little brown Edge before they then get
transferred into the oven to bake
smells incredibly good I cannot wait to
try it
[Music]
they're pretty small and we waited in
line for so long what's unique here also
is that every shape is a different
flavor so I think this one is the salty
Savory bag and this one is the sweet bag
okay let's try this one
I'm thinking to break it in half first
so we can see on the insides what's all
in this one oh it actually looks quite
simple green onions a little bit of
sauce and then just that dough
I mean this one is kind of simple the
first one that I'm trying a little bit
salty the aroma
of the green onions I think maybe it's
the dough that is the secret okay let's
try the next one
[Music]
this is one with minced pork
that's what you mentioned pork bun that
has more flavor it's a very thin litter
or pork with that sesame seeds
again I think it's the dough that is
really special here
flaky crispy kind of buttery
and definitely traditional okay here's
the sweet ones right out of the oven
they're really hot and two different
versions one oh this one is definitely
the red bean and the other one is sugar
I'll show you one is very good like
melted sugar on the inside and again
their secret is definitely the dough
that handmade dough
the crispiness and flakiness of the
dough is outstanding okay and then the
last one we have is the red bean
[Music]
oh the red bean is excellent go through
sesame seeds with that starchy red beans
on the center not too sweet
again that dough sweet ones are really
good and definitely extremely popular
it's starting to get dark now the people
are starting to pick up it's starting to
get a lot busier at this time a lot more
stalls are opening at this time as well
and so we have a few more things to eat
on this tour oh man okay I had a feeling
this place would have an extreme line
and before they open and it is the
longest line at the market without a
doubt stretching from the stall all the
way down the road and into the alley but
this is really when I wanted to come eat
at this Market this was one of the
places that I absolutely said I have to
try uh it was written about and featured
in The Michelin guide as were some other
places in this market they are extremely
famous for their sesame oil chicken
which this is going to be my first time
to try it I think we have to wait out
the line oh man this place must be
incredibly good we're gonna find out the
king is waiting in line
um hopefully it doesn't take too long
but that's okay oh it just smells
incredibly good standing here at the
front of the stall you could just smell
the aroma it smells so good oh man it's
just like this warmth of sesame oil that
overwhelms you you want to bathe in it
it smells so good
we are in and that actually didn't take
that long because a lot of people get
takeaway or kind of just jam-packed in
this room behind the stall love it in
here so busy so packed so much action
and the aroma of that sesame oil is
almost unbearable I cannot wait to try
however the chicken leg you pay at the
front and then you sit down or you get
take away while we're waiting they have
a little sauce in the back it's a chili
sauce uh and I see people get it back
here
oh that smells delicious chilies and
garlic maybe soy sauce
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
thank you very much here it is the wait
is over the sesame oil chicken and I got
the the bone the drumstick which is
actually giant drumstick and that suit
is so aromatic oh man it's like the
thickness of gravy and then we also got
the vermicelli which is it looks like
it's with the same sesame oil plus
garlic and then we got some of the daily
vegetables kind of looks like lettuce oh
wow so you can see that layer of Sesame
Brown Golden sesame oil plus the broth
plus the chicken so the chicken has just
been kind of sliced off the off the
drumstick and into the into the soup but
we have to try that soup first
the broth
[Music]
what
oh it's actually kind of like mellow and
soothing and warming but it's not over
overpowering at all and then as you
drink it you taste the flavor of the
chicken broth and then you get that
nuttiness of a sesame oil in the back of
your throat oh it's not like a really
strong flavor not too pungent but it's
really soothing
okay let's try that drumstick as far as
start with the bone since it's in my
fingers
[Music]
thank you
for the texture of that chicken you can
tell that it's
a natural tasting chicken I love the
texture of it it's also gooey and you
like it's not so much fatty but you feel
like the collagen of the chicken all the
characters fantastic
that's like real natural tasting chicken
and it's like
cooked down so it's so soft but not
mushy at all you really feel the grains
of the of that chicken oh that's good
exactly
gelatini okay I'll reach in for a piece
of the chicken you can see just just you
have to admire the texture of that
chicken I mean if you were to break it
apart you might need to use my fingers
to just kind of break it apart you can
see just the grains of the chicken oh
that is so hot I think I will dip into
that sauce which looks like possibly
some ginger and chilies in here
foreign
it's incredible yeah I see the
attraction
let's try that skin chunk
wow the skin is so gelatinous so gooey
that meat underneath you could just tell
like how muscular that chicken is
yeah
um
freaking melts in your mouth
[Music]
again then we've got some of the
vermicelli noodles that garlic is so
aromatic as well and I think they have
been
um with some of that same sesame oil
soup
let's go do a very plain just the flavor
of the garlic and that chicken broth in
the oil and then we got some of the
daily vegetables kind of looks like
lettuce
yeah
okay then for my next bio chicken we
gotta dip into the sauce
[Music]
it's not really a strong flavor it's a
very very mild flavor but it's just so
addictive as you keep on eating it I
think the flavor of that chicken broth
the sesame oil just kind of gives it
enough nuttiness to keep you going and
it's just really warming and really
soothing I actually I heard this is a
winter dish and people really like
eating it in cold weather in the winter
and I'm I'm starting to sweat it's just
syrup so piping hot and it keeps hot
maybe because of that oil in there yeah
soothing I would call it extremely
soothing
actually one more thing I'm up here at
the front just looking again a little
closer after we've already finished
eating
could that have been just a single
drumstick in that bowl that I just ate
was that just was that just a one
drumstick it is huge and yet at the same
time it feels like such a natural
chicken that must be uh I mean they have
a pot of them they're like meaty like
almost looks like the size of a turkey
drumstick it's huge that was delicious
[Music]
we're at the next stall this is a really
cool place again this place was featured
in The Michelin guide sometimes they
call it a Taiwanese burrito or a spring
roll there's so many things in it I mean
coming from Southeast Asia they have
very similar versions which are called
popia or popia in Thailand or popia in
Singapore and Malaysia this one is like
a super-sized version though it's extra
big it's often called the Taiwanese
burrito and that's just impressive how
many ingredients go into it they start
with that wrapper
uh
okay
they add in some sauce they add in some
pork they add in some pork floss they
add in some peanuts some coriander and
it moves over to the next station
where then they add in just the blanched
bean sprouts which looks like there's
some might be some radish and some other
things in there as well he adds in
another layer of peanuts and coriander
and sauces
so complex there's so many things that
go into it and it's really cool to watch
the whole process as they make it as
well and it's hot and fresh let's try it
okay wow it's it's hearty kind of like a
burrito
and you can feel that wrapper is really
nice and soft or even some do some
sprinkles which looks like almost like a
seaweed loaded fully loaded here we go
oh wow
so
that's
you don't know
if it's sweet or favorite it's kind of
everything in one
it's quite sweet but it's quite shavory
at the same time you've got all the
freshness the crunch of those bean
sprouts I've got a lot of nuts going on
a lot of peanuts in there you've got the
the flavor of chewy definitely pork
flush there's tofu wow that's that's a
unique combination for sure so many how
is this even invented with so many
different ingredients and again kind of
like a dessert kind of like Savory all
at the same time you know what as I as I
keep on eating this it's kind of growing
on me it kind of like is addictive I
think it's that sweet and salty
combination let's have another bite
oh
and I got a really big piece of pork
rind in there by Duke there's pork rind
I think there's pork flush that's an
incredible mix of ingredients and really
I think this could go for either it
could be almost considered a sweet
dessert crepe or it could be considered
a Savory snack
a burrito definitely unique
and definitely a very interesting blend
of ingredients
it's about 6 p.m it's dark now the
market is pretty much in full force but
again that's something that's so cool
about nanji Chang Market is that it is a
day Market you can come here in the
afternoon and just start grazing eating
your way through and then just work your
way up to dinner and to be quite honest
with you there's still so much more to
eat there's so many more dishes so much
more food so many more packed places I
mean I saw a place that serves really
good looking Oden there are places where
you can get steamed buns there's
dumplings just out of control and if you
come down some of these side Lanes
there's just restaurant after restaurant
yeah just dumplings they'll just find so
many discoveries 10 lanes down the
alleys there's just food after food
after food and then you start getting
into restaurants look at this place
wow
oh man it's a food Haven without a doubt
we tried some delicious food but I
really would like to encourage you to do
is when you come here just whatever you
see jump in line try some food uh
there's such a variety so many different
things to choose from and so don't just
limit yourself to the things that I ate
because there's so much more as well but
that hopefully just gives you a little
bit of an idea and a little bit of a
recommendation some of the things to try
and especially to just come here when
you are in Taipei to experience a really
authentic off the beaten path Night
Market Taiwanese street food experience
and so that's going to be it for this
video I want to say a big thank you for
watching this night market tour in
Taipei and I'll have the information in
the description box below and then also
if you haven't watched other videos in
this Taiwanese street food series uh
we're eating our way around Taipei
you're not going to want to miss any of
the food in the other videos as well so
stay tuned and thank you so much for
watching this video please remember to
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
leave a I'd love to hear from you and if
you're not already subscribed make sure
you subscribe now for lots more food and
travel videos good night from Taipei
I'll see you on the next video
