#### Assignment: 

Talk about the progress of phones in your lifetime. Give details on each 
phone you’ve owned, and make sure to describe the functionality, as well 
as some related memories.

##### Progress of my first cell phone

When it comes to phones, I would like to talk about the first phone in my life.

When I got the college permit, my parents buy a cell phone as a present to me.

It was a Ericsson, Which doesn't exists nowadays. Back than, I was so exited when I got the phone.

It has a small and colorful screen with physical keyboard, but the screen is not touchable. It had some good functionalities, such as message, music, and useful navigate button. I usually chat with my friends and roommates by the message which is the most popular things in college, I also liked to listen to songs in the music application when I commuted between my home and college on every weekend. Of course I used it make call to my friends and family. It could only provide some basic features to use, but it was enough to a teenager like me. I extremely like those sort of primitive features.

I used the phone for more than 2 years in college. Once up time on a bus back to home, I lost it. I couldn't remember how I lost it until now. I was really sad after I lost my phone. I couldn't went through it because it was my first phone. After a long time, I'd have to buy a new phone to place it. Compare to the new one, it was a little bit old school, but I still have the happiest memories about it.
